.NET Core Training Program README Introduction Welcome to the .NET Core
Training Program! This repository contains all the resources and
materials you need to get started with learning .NET Core. Whether you
are a beginner or an experienced developer looking to expand your
skills, this training program is designed to help you become proficient
in .NET Core development.

Table of Contents Getting Started Prerequisites Course Outline How to
Use This Repository Contributing License Getting Started .NET Core is a
cross-platform, open-source framework for building modern, cloud-based,
and internet-connected applications. This training program aims to
provide you with comprehensive knowledge and hands-on experience in .NET
Core development.

Prerequisites Before you begin, make sure you have the following
prerequisites:

Basic knowledge of programming concepts. Familiarity with C# is a plus
but not mandatory. A computer with .NET Core SDK installed. You can
download it from here. Course Outline This training program is organized
into several modules, each focusing on a specific aspect of .NET Core
development. Here's an overview of the topics covered:

Module 1: Introduction to .NET Core

Understanding .NET Core Installing .NET Core Your First .NET Core
Application Module 2: C# Programming Basics

Variables and Data Types Control Flow and Loops Functions and Methods
Module 3: Building Console Applications

Creating and Running Console Applications Working with Input and Output
Debugging Techniques Module 4: Web Development with ASP.NET Core

Introduction to ASP.NET Core Building Web APIs Creating a Simple Web
Application Module 5: Database Access with Entity Framework Core

Introduction to Entity Framework Core Working with Databases Data
Modeling and Relationships Module 6: Building a Full-Stack Web
Application

Integrating ASP.NET Core with a Front-End Framework Authentication and
Authorization Deployment and Hosting Module 7: Advanced Topics

Dependency Injection Unit Testing in .NET Core Performance Optimization
How to Use This Repository Clone this repository to your local machine
using the following command:

bash Copy code git clone
https://github.com/your-username/.net-core-training.git Navigate to the
specific module or topic you want to study.

Each module's directory will contain README files, code examples, and
additional resources to guide you through the learning process.

Follow the instructions provided in each module's README to complete the
exercises and projects.

Feel free to open issues if you have questions or encounter problems
during your learning journey.

Contributing We welcome contributions to this training program! If you
have suggestions for improvements or would like to add content, please
fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

License This training program is provided under the MIT License, which
means you are free to use, modify, and distribute the materials as long
as you provide appropriate attribution. Please review the license file
for more details.

Happy learning, and enjoy your journey into .NET Core development! If
you have any questions or need assistance, don't hesitate to ask for
help in the repository's Issues section.
